README.md, before:

# Android Developer 2018

# English

## What is this project about?

This project is a book with the main purpose of helping a beginner knowing nothing about development the knowledge to become a hirable entry-level Android Developer.

### When should I expect the book to be complete?

By the middle of 2018 year.

## Version

Current version: Alpha

### How does version numbering work?

* As long as the book is not complete, it will remain in alpha version without version number
* Once the book will be completed, then beta version will start with a version number like 0.y
* Once beginners will have read the book and will have the expected skills and level, then Release Candidate version will start with a version number like x.y
* Once at least two senior developers will have read the full book and will have fixed all mistakes, then final version will start with a version number like x

## May I help?

For sure, proofreaders and translators are welcome. Feel free to tweet me (&#64;gahfy) or to email me at g.herfray&#64;gahfy.net.

Feel free to fork this project and send your pull requests.

# Français

## Qu'est ce que ce projet ?

Ce projet consiste en la rédaction d'un livre ayant pour but de fournir à une personne n'ayant aucune connaissance en développement les bases pour devenir développeur Junior recrutable.

### Quand puis-je espérer pouvoir lire le livre en intégralité

Mi 2018

## Version

Version actuelle : Alpha

### Comment fonctionnent les versions ?

* Tant que le livre est en cours de rédaction, il sera en version alpha sans numérotation
* Une fois que la rédaction du livre sera terminée, le projet passera en version bêta en version 0.y
* Une fois que je me serai assuré que des débutant auront lu le livre et atteindront avec le niveau espéré, le projet passera en Release Candidate x.y
* Une fois que le livre aura eu dans son intégralité, au moins deux relectures et corrections de la part de développeurs séniors, le projet passera en version finale x

## Puis-je aider ?

Bien sûr, relecteurs, correcteurs et traducteurs sont les bienvenus. N'hésitez pas à m'interpeler sur Twitter (&#64;gahfy) ou par email g.herfray&#64;gahfy.net.

N'hésitez pas à faire un fork de ce projet et à proposer des pull requests si vous vous sentez l'âme d'un correcteur ou d'un relecteur.

Commit message:

Rebuilding the book with new specs, improve README, improve .bookignore

README.md, after:

# Android Developer 2018

# English

## What is this project about?

This project is a book with the main purpose of helping a beginner knowing nothing about development the knowledge to become a hirable entry-level Android Developer.

### How to read the current version of the book?

You may download the book.pdf file or browse the \_book folder, then open index.html to read the book (currently available only in french).

### When should I expect the book to be complete?

By the middle of 2018 year.

## Version

Current version: Alpha

### How does version numbering work?

* As long as the book is not complete, it will remain in alpha version without version number
* Once the book will be completed, then beta version will start with a version number like 0.y
* Once beginners will have read the book and will have the expected skills and level, then Release Candidate version will start with a version number like x.y
* Once at least two senior developers will have read the full book and will have fixed all mistakes, then final version will start with a version number like x

## May I help?

For sure, proofreaders and translators are welcome. Feel free to tweet me (&#64;gahfy) or to email me at g.herfray&#64;gahfy.net.

Feel free to fork this project and send your pull requests.

# Français

## Qu'est ce que ce projet ?

Ce projet consiste en la rédaction d'un livre ayant pour but de fournir à une personne n'ayant aucune connaissance en développement les bases pour devenir développeur Junior recrutable.

### Comment lire la version actuelle du livre ?

Vous pouvez télécharger le fichier book.pdf ou parcourir le répertoire \_book, puis ouvrir index.html pour lire le livre.

### Quand puis-je espérer pouvoir lire le livre en intégralité

Mi 2018

## Version

Version actuelle : Alpha

### Comment fonctionnent les versions ?

* Tant que le livre est en cours de rédaction, il sera en version alpha sans numérotation
* Une fois que la rédaction du livre sera terminée, le projet passera en version bêta en version 0.y
* Une fois que je me serai assuré que des débutant auront lu le livre et atteindront avec le niveau espéré, le projet passera en Release Candidate x.y
* Une fois que le livre aura eu dans son intégralité, au moins deux relectures et corrections de la part de développeurs séniors, le projet passera en version finale x

## Puis-je aider ?

Bien sûr, relecteurs, correcteurs et traducteurs sont les bienvenus. N'hésitez pas à m'interpeler sur Twitter (&#64;gahfy) ou par email g.herfray&#64;gahfy.net.

N'hésitez pas à faire un fork de ce projet et à proposer des pull requests si vous vous sentez l'âme d'un correcteur ou d'un relecteur.
